org.andstatus.todoagenda.AllDayEventsTest testAllDayEventsPlacement
org.andstatus.todoagenda.BirthdayTest testBirthdayOneDayOnly
org.andstatus.todoagenda.DuplicateEventsTest testIssue354
org.andstatus.todoagenda.IllegalInstantDueToTimeZoneTransitionTest testPeriodicAlarmTimeDuringTimeGap
org.andstatus.todoagenda.IllegalInstantDueToTimeZoneTransitionTest testIllegalInstantDueToTimeZoneOffsetTransition
org.andstatus.todoagenda.MultidayAllDayEventTest testInsidePeriod
org.andstatus.todoagenda.MultidayEventTest testEventWhichCarryOverToTheNextDay
org.andstatus.todoagenda.MultidayEventTest testThreeDaysEvent
org.andstatus.todoagenda.OngoingEventTest testEventWhichCarryOverToTheNextDay
org.andstatus.todoagenda.OngoingEventTest testTodaysOngoingEvent
org.andstatus.todoagenda.OngoingEventTest testYesterdaysOngoingEvent
org.andstatus.todoagenda.PastDueHeaderWithTasksTest testPastDueHeaderWithTasks
org.andstatus.todoagenda.RealTasksTest testTasksWithoutStartAndDueDates
org.andstatus.todoagenda.RecurringEventsTest testShowRecurringEvents
org.andstatus.todoagenda.ShowOnlyClosestInstanceTest testShowOnlyClosestInstance
org.andstatus.todoagenda.SingleEventTest testAlldayEventMillis
org.andstatus.todoagenda.TasksFilteringAndOrderingTest dateDueEndOfList
org.andstatus.todoagenda.TasksFilteringAndOrderingTest dateStartedNoFilters
org.andstatus.todoagenda.TasksFilteringAndOrderingTest dateDueFilteredHideNoDates
org.andstatus.todoagenda.TasksFilteringAndOrderingTest dateStartedFiltered
org.andstatus.todoagenda.TasksFilteringAndOrderingTest dateDueFiltered
org.andstatus.todoagenda.TasksFilteringAndOrderingTest dateStartedEndOfList
org.andstatus.todoagenda.TasksFilteringAndOrderingTest dateDueNoFilters
org.andstatus.todoagenda.TasksFilteringAndOrderingTest dateStartedHideNoDates
org.andstatus.todoagenda.TodaysColorsEventsTest testIssue327
org.andstatus.todoagenda.WeirdDayHeaderTest testWeirdDayHeader
org.andstatus.todoagenda.WrongDatesLostEventsTest testIssue205
org.andstatus.todoagenda.prefs.DateFormatterTest customPatterns
org.andstatus.todoagenda.prefs.DateFormatterTest testTimeZones
org.andstatus.todoagenda.prefs.GenerateLocalizedDescriptions localizedDescriptions
org.andstatus.todoagenda.prefs.KeywordsFilterTest testPhrases
org.andstatus.todoagenda.provider.FakeCalendarContentProviderTest testTwoEventsToday
org.andstatus.todoagenda.provider.FakeCalendarContentProviderTest testTestMode
org.andstatus.todoagenda.provider.FakeCalendarContentProviderTest testJsonToAndFrom
